Hey guys let's really set up a category component in this we deal with setting up a component.
Let's start at a partial window instead of angular Amazonian tree and then type in and G the rate up.
Once this is done and you serve minimize the command prompt.
Once this is done we'll put up a text editor at routing Mungiu
here is imported the product component and declare it as a route.
Now let's open up that component
here.
Important at the router and the router and get around the package.
There are service reps a service and then she did them inside of constructor.
We've also created the white roll program which should be used to store information
and that will be run every time the pictures inside it we will get the product ID from the angular actuator
route.
Then you get the information using the program Id provide a response when the server is then assigned
to the variable data and then check if success on data is true.
If success is true they will be assigned to put up.
Otherwise the user we were back to the home page if an error occurs error message should be displayed.
Now let's open up your computer here now.
Here we've created a paradox section which contains a container to contest the message and then loading
spinner
or here is created that if you will only be shown when the information has been loaded it contains information
such just the image the title the older category description and price.
In this we do have set up the component.
Now let's take a look at what if beaute
let's make sure that no one is running and then open up our app.
Now let's click on categories go to the cat's category and open up intelligent Reber mouse inside it.
We have our image Tado the owner.
The category description and the price.
The next we deal with sitting on the carts in our home page.